
Stock is a type of investment in a company which represents  owership of a business. A Unit stock is called share.
common stock

Preferred Stock - 
1. It is usually sold to investors
2. Liquidation Preference - When company goes IPO, first payback will go to Preferred stock holders rather than common stock holders

--Wealth Management
Wealth Management is a professional service of providing advice for financial planning,
investments, accounting, tax or estate or legal planning for a fee.

An End to End solution including the process of maintaining, Growth and proper distribution of
assets while constitute to a professional wealth management:

(Huge amount of money is involed in WM)

Asset Protection: Value of asset valution remains same even in case of bad situations
Asset Accumulation:
Asset Distribution: Distrubuting assest in different protfoilos not all in one - e.g Real Estate, Gold, Stocks etc

Key requirements of WM is needs 360 degree view of client 

Asset Management: It provides services  to individual clients & institutional investors. Short term goals
                  Asset allocation is part of portfolio mgmt

--Key functions in Wealth Management
Wealth Management is an Investment Advisory Service which helps a group of clients (High
Net worth Individuals, corporation, insurance firm or pension fund) to accumulate and
maintain wealth by way of Financial Planning and Portfolio Management

HNWI - High Net worth Individual

1.Investment Advisory - Propsal/Sales, Client onboarding,
2.Portfolio Management - Investing our wealth in portfolio like mutual funds, stocks, inflows , financial planing, asset allocation
3. Order management - Execution of plan we did in above steps
                      Rebalancing - Adjusting your investment portfolio to maintain desied asset allocation
					  Periodic contribution - Making regular payments contribution to our wealth
4. Performance Mgmt - Portfolio evaluation
5. MIS & Reporting  - Client reporting, compliance reporting, income 


What is an Annuity?
 It an investment type, contract between annuity owner and insurance company
 
Private Bank :  Provides financial management services to HNWIs. 

Private banks provide services to WM cliets 

WM provides advisory services to assist consumers  with accumulation, preservation and transfer of wealth in financial life cycle
Goals of wealth Mgmt: 
1. Accumulation of wealth
2. Preservation of wealth
3. Transfer of wealth
